docs: add examples page with real-world workflows (#137)
mergecal/icalendar-anonymizer: docs/examples.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 icalendar-anonymizer contributors
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later

========
Examples
========

> Complete workflows for common use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter provides example workflows for common use cases.
```

Anonymizing a Google Calendar export for a bug report

> =====================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anonymize a Google Calendar export for a bug report
===================================================
```

> Export a calendar from Google Calendar (Settings → Import & export → Export), then run it through the anonymizer before attaching it to a bug report.

Reviewer: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-menuselection and https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-guilabel are useful directives to describe UI elements.

```suggestion
From your Google Calendar, export it to an iCalendar file via :menuselection:`Settings --> Import & export --> Export`, then click the :guilabel:`Export` button.

Before attaching it to a bug report, run the exported file through the anonymizer with the following command.
```

.. code-block:: shell

    ican calendar.ics -o anonymized.ics

> The output preserves dates, recurrence, and timezone data while stripping names, emails, and personal text. Attach ``anonymized.ics`` to the bug report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output preserves dates, recurrence, and timezone data while stripping names, emails, and personal text.
Attach :file:`anonymized.ics` to the bug report.
```

To keep event titles visible, use the ``--summary keep`` flag:

.. code-block:: shell

    ican --summary keep calendar.ics -o anonymized.ics

Reproducible test data with custom salts
========================================

> By default, each run generates a fresh random salt, so the same input produces different output each time. For tests that assert specific values, pass a fixed salt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each run generates a fresh random salt, so the same input produces different output each time.
For tests that assert specific values, pass a fixed salt:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from icalendar import Calendar
    from icalendar_anonymizer import anonymize

    with open("calendar.ics", "rb") as f:
        cal = Calendar.from_ical(f.read())

    # Same salt = same hashed output every time
    anonymized = anonymize(cal, salt=b"test-fixture-salt-0123456789abcdef")

    with open("tests/fixtures/anonymized.ics", "wb") as f:
        f.write(anonymized.to_ical())

> Pin the salt in version control alongside the fixture. Changing the salt invalidates the fixture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pin the salt in version control alongside the fixture.
Changing the salt invalidates the fixture.
```

Batch processing multiple calendar files

> ========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch process multiple calendar files
=====================================
```

Anonymize every ``.ics`` file in a directory, writing results to a sibling directory:

.. code-block:: python

    from pathlib import Path
    from icalendar import Calendar
    from icalendar_anonymizer import anonymize

    source = Path("calendars")
    target = Path("anonymized")
    target.mkdir(exist_ok=True)

    for ics_path in source.glob("*.ics"):
        cal = Calendar.from_ical(ics_path.read_bytes())
        anonymized = anonymize(cal)
        (target / ics_path.name).write_bytes(anonymized.to_ical())

For a shell-only pipeline:

.. code-block:: shell

    for f in calendars/*.ics; do
        ican "$f" -o "anonymized/$(basename "$f")"
    done

Debugging recurrence and timezone issues

> ========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug recurrence and timezone issues
====================================
```

> When reporting a bug in recurrence expansion or timezone handling, the technical properties (``RRULE``, ``RDATE``, ``EXDATE``, ``DTSTART``, ``TZID``, ``VTIMEZONE``) are exactly what maintainers need. The anonymizer preserves all of these by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reporting a bug in recurrence expansion or timezone handling, the technical properties (``RRULE``, ``RDATE``, ``EXDATE``, ``DTSTART``, ``TZID``, and ``VTIMEZONE``) are exactly what maintainers need.
The anonymizer preserves all of these by default.
```

If the bug requires a specific ``SUMMARY`` or ``CATEGORIES`` value to reproduce (for example, a parser triggered by a specific string), use ``--summary keep`` or ``--categories keep`` and confirm the preserved fields don't contain personal data before sharing.

> To get reproducible hashed ``UID`` values so maintainers can match events across runs, use the Python API with a fixed salt (see the "Reproducible test data" example above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get reproducible hashed ``UID`` values so maintainers can match events across runs, use the Python API with a fixed salt as described in the above section, :ref:`reproducible-test-data-with-custom-salts`.
```
